README.md, before:

# Front-end Boilerplate

This template helps you create new front-end applications. Built with Vite JS on top of the official `react-ts` template, it enforces strict TypeScript settings and uses the new ESLint flat config. The stringent rules ensure type safety, prevent implicit type coercion, and maintain high code quality. Prettier is also integrated for consistent code formatting.

## Prerequisites

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) version 20+

## Getting Started

Use [degit](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/degit) to get the template without its Git history.

```
npx degit HuguesBlanco/front-end-boilerplate my-app
```

_Replace `my-app` with the name of your app._

Navigate to the app folder.

```
cd my-app
```

Install dependencies.

```
npm install
```

Run the `dev` script to start your development server.

```
npm run dev
```

The development server will be available at http://localhost:5173/.

## Recommended VS Code Plugins

If you're using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), the following plugins can greatly enhance your development experience.

- **[ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)**  
  Integrates ESLint into VS Code, displaying errors and warnings directly in the editor without the need to run ESLint manually.
- **[Prettier - Code formatter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)**  
  Automatically formats your code on save. To ensure that Prettier formats your code each time you save a file, you need to add the following lines to your [settings.json](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings#_settingsjson) file:
  ```json
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  ```
  These settings enable automatic formatting on save and set Prettier as the default formatter.
- **[VS Code ES7+ React/Redux/React-Native/JS snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dsznajder.es7-react-js-snippets)**  
  Adds shorthand prefixes and code snippets to autocompletion suggestions, accelerating and facilitating development.
- **[GitLens — Git supercharged](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens)**  
  Enhances Git capabilities in VS Code by providing a variety of tools, such as displaying historical context about line changes in the editor and showing a stash view in your source control tab.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run the following scripts:

| Script               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `npm run dev`        | Starts the development server. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view it in your browser. The development server integrates Hot Module Replacement (HMR), which automatically reloads the application when you make changes to the code. |
| `npm run typescript` | Runs the TypeScript compiler in watch mode. It will continuously check your code for type errors and other issues as you make changes.                                                                                                                        |
| `npm run lint`       | Runs ESLint and displays potential code problems. This helps maintain code quality and consistency.                                                                                                                                                           |
| `npm run build`      | Builds the application for production. This script compiles the TypeScript code and bundles the application with Vite. The output will be in the `dist` folder.                                                                                               |
| `npm run preview`    | Serves the production build locally. This is useful for testing the production build before deploying. **Note**: You must run `npm run build` beforehand.                                                                                                     |

Commit message:

Add To Do Note to README
Added a note to update ESLint to version 9 once `typescript-eslint` version 8 is released.

Also corrected typos in URLs

README.md, after:

# Front-end Boilerplate

This template helps you create new front-end applications. Built with Vite JS on top of the official `react-ts` template, it enforces strict TypeScript settings and uses the new ESLint flat config. The stringent rules ensure type safety, prevent implicit type coercion, and maintain high code quality. Prettier is also integrated for consistent code formatting.

## Prerequisites

- [Git](https://git-scm.com)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) version 20+

## Getting Started

Use [degit](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/degit) to get the template without its Git history.

```
npx degit HuguesBlanco/front-end-boilerplate my-app
```

_Replace `my-app` with the name of your app._

Navigate to the app folder.

```
cd my-app
```

Install dependencies.

```
npm install
```

Run the `dev` script to start your development server.

```
npm run dev
```

The development server will be available at http://localhost:5173.

## Recommended VS Code Plugins

If you're using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com), the following plugins can greatly enhance your development experience.

- **[ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)**  
  Integrates ESLint into VS Code, displaying errors and warnings directly in the editor without the need to run ESLint manually.
- **[Prettier - Code formatter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)**  
  Automatically formats your code on save. To ensure that Prettier formats your code each time you save a file, you need to add the following lines to your [settings.json](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings#_settingsjson) file:
  ```json
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  ```
  These settings enable automatic formatting on save and set Prettier as the default formatter.
- **[VS Code ES7+ React/Redux/React-Native/JS snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dsznajder.es7-react-js-snippets)**  
  Adds shorthand prefixes and code snippets to autocompletion suggestions, accelerating and facilitating development.
- **[GitLens — Git supercharged](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens)**  
  Enhances Git capabilities in VS Code by providing a variety of tools, such as displaying historical context about line changes in the editor and showing a stash view in your source control tab.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run the following scripts:

| Script               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `npm run dev`        | Starts the development server. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view it in your browser. The development server integrates Hot Module Replacement (HMR), which automatically reloads the application when you make changes to the code. |
| `npm run typescript` | Runs the TypeScript compiler in watch mode. It will continuously check your code for type errors and other issues as you make changes.                                                                                                                        |
| `npm run lint`       | Runs ESLint and displays potential code problems. This helps maintain code quality and consistency.                                                                                                                                                           |
| `npm run build`      | Builds the application for production. This script compiles the TypeScript code and bundles the application with Vite. The output will be in the `dist` folder.                                                                                               |
| `npm run preview`    | Serves the production build locally. This is useful for testing the production build before deploying. **Note**: You must run `npm run build` beforehand.                                                                                                     |

## To Do Note

Once `typescript-eslint` version 8 is released, update ESLint to version 9.
